Expand documentation for the transform synchronization feature module (#892)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/core-and-feature-module-overview.md

Find out more in the [Player lifecycle feature module]({{urlRoot}}/modules/player-lifecycle-feature-module) documentation.

### Transform Synchronization

> This feature module contains functionality that will automatically synchronize your entities' transform. See our [Transform Synchronization documentation]({{urlRoot}}/modules/transform-sync/overview) for more details on installation and usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature module contains functionality that automatically synchronizes your entities' transform component. See our [Transform Synchronization documentation]({{urlRoot}}/modules/transform-sync/overview) for more details on installation and usage.
```
